---
dg-publish: true
start-date: 2017-08-23
color: blue
date-limit: year
importance: 50
tags: [timeline, personal]
---

I got my first soul saved today! Chris did not show up at 1:30 like I told him, to no surprise. I wasn't sure that I had the gospel memorized well enough, but after going through it in my head twice, I prayed for boldness in utterance, and that Christ would teach me what to say, and that the Holy Spirit would speak through me, and I went out to Azinia Street and knocked my first door. The guy who answered was a friendly person who worked at a church. Being unsure that we was going to heaven, he denied my offer to hear the gospel. I said, "Do you know 100% that you're going to heaven?" He replied with a laugh, "No." I said, "Can I just take a couple of minutes and show you from the Bible how you can know that 100%?" He said, "I'm good." "I said, "No problem. Let me just leave you with this one verse," and followed Steven Anderson's script. He wished me luck on my journey as I said to him, "You have a great day." Many doors did not answer, and probably few people were even home. The next door that was open before I knocked, the lady who lived there came to it and shouted, "What do you want?" I said, "The reason I'm here is because I'm a Christian, and Jesus Christ, before he went up into heaven, commanded us to preach the gospel to ever creature that some might hear, and believe, and be saved." She just closed the door, and I thought, "Cool. So this is what it means to suffer shame for the sake of the gospel. 

The next person I talked to came home as I was knocking on his door. I greeted them, right before the man said, "What can I do for you?" He seemed a little irritable, but I proceeded. He said he went to church, and I said, "More important than going to church..." and followed the script. He said he knew 100% that he was going to heaven because he was saved. I said, "And how do you get saved?" "Believe on Jesus." I said, "And can you ever lose it," he answered, "Well you're not supposed to." In retrospect, I should've probed the question further, but since his two children just got home from school and he seemed irritable, I just said, "That's right, you can't lose it. Hallelujah brother. I'll see you in heaven. You have a great day." 

The next person to answer was a girl named Melony. She listened to the whole gospel, agreeing point by point, and right at the end when I was asking her, "Let me ask you this, and what's your name by the way? Melony, do you believe taht you are a sinner?" "Yes." Do you believe that hell is the punishment for our sins?" She said, "Sort of." So I went back to Revelation 21:8 and Romans 6:23, and explained it a couple of different ways, but she just couldn't wrap her head around it. I talked about how punishment isn't only determined by the magnitude of the sin, but the dignity of the one whom you offended. I explained how if we were to be judged by the law, based on how good we are, none of us would measure up, and so whether we've lied or murdered, we all end up in hell. We went to James 2 where it talks about being a transgressor if you offend in one point. And she was an agreeable personality, and I couldn't gotten her to pray my prayer, and when I said, "Do oyu believe this verse?" She said, "Yeah." And so when I said, "So do you believe that hell is the punishment for our sins?" She said, "Yeah," unconvincingly, and I probed further, and she still didn't get it. So I wished her a great day and left her with one final verse: John 3:16. She totally believed the rest of the gospel. But the rest was incompatible with point two, that we deserve hell, and I didn't want to put her in doublethink, and I moved on. 

The next guy that opened was a guy named Steven. I won him to the Lord, and he was really excited about it. He had a cool personality, but it was a textbook presentation of the gospel. I couldn't have asked for a more receptive fellow. He started out my question of, "What is it that determines whether you go to heaven or hell" with, "Repent of your sins?" I said, "Let's see what the Bible says," and turned him to Acts 16:30-31. When we read it together, he believed it right away. I asked him, "Did that say you have to go to a good church? Live a good life? Repent of your sins?" I asked him, "What did it say we have to do?" He said, "Believe." And from there, I pretty much knew he was going to be saved. I explained the rest of the gospel, he understood it perfectly, answered every question right, he understood about calling God a thief and a liar by saying you can lose eternal life, and he prayed with me. It was amazing. Best feeling ever. Then I told him to bring me his Bible, and said that John is a great place to start reading. (It was the revised Standard Version.) Then I explained that baptism was the next step, and how it's like putting a ring on your finger. it's not what makes you married, but if I say, "I want to put a ring on that finger," you mean, "I want to marry you." I told him that I'd love to see him at Northlake Baptist Church. and taht he could put that ring on his finger, as it were, and explained how baptism is a symbolism of being buried with Christ, and raised to walk in the newness of life, and I said, "If I never see you again, where will I see you for sure?" And he said, "Heaven." And I said, "You have a good one." And he blessed also, saying, "You too man," with gratitude.  

The next guy I talked to was a Jew. He fully understood the gospel, was raised a Catholic, and I think we was a reprobate. I made the mistake of talking to him for the remainder of my time. He was a very friendly dude, but a relativist, saying that once you take out all of man's tampering with Religious Bibles, they all say the same thing. I showed him over and over how that is not so, and that his Torah was in my Bible, and we talked for a long time about many things, and at some points, when I talked about God sending Jesus Christ to die for us, he got quiet, but he just wouldn't believe it. And he just wouldn't believe that Jesus Christ was God's son. Eventually, in the middle of one of his sentences, I said, "Do you have the time?" And he said, "It's five." I said, "Hey, I really appreciate you talking to me. You have a great day," And I bid him farewell.